README.md, before:

# Hello, I'm Arpit 👋

### I ❤️ creating software!
- 💻 I’m currently working @Points shipping scalable storefronts.
- 📖 I’m currently learning Next.js and Nest.js.
- 🤝 I’m looking to collaborate with other web enthusiasts!
- 🎯 2022 Goals: Learn more web technologies and give more back to the community.

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=arpit&label=Views&color=blue&style=flat&label=Profile+views" alt="arpit" /> </p>

### Connect with me:

[![Twitter: ArpitDalal6](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ArpitDalal6?style=social)][twitter]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![Linkedin: arpitdalal](https://img.shields.io/badge/-arpitdalal-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitdalal/)][linkedin]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![GitHub arpitdalal](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/arpitdalal?label=follow&style=social)][github]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio%20Website-arpitdalal.dev-2648ff?style=flat&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=ffffff)][website]

### Languages and Technologies:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Gatsby" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/e94815998e4e0713912fed477a1f346ec04c3da2/topics/gatsby/gatsby.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />
<br />
<br />

<div align="center">
 
<a href="https://github.com/arpitdalal">
 <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=arpitdalal&show_icons=true&theme=dark&line_height=27" alt="arpitdalal's github stats"/>
</a>

### Show some ❤️ by starring some of my repositories!

</div>

[draf]: https://arpitdalal.netlify.app
[website]: https://arpitdalal.dev?utm_source="github"&utm_medium="social-media"
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/ArpitDalal6
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitdalal/
[github]: https://www.github.com/arpitdalal

Commit message:

add remix to the learning section

README.md, after:

# Hello, I'm Arpit 👋

### I ❤️ creating software!
- 💻 I’m currently working @Points shipping scalable storefronts.
- 📖 I’m currently learning [remix](https://github.com/remix-run/remix) and loving it so far 💿❤️
- 🤝 I’m looking to collaborate with other web enthusiasts!
- 🎯 2022 Goals: Learn more web technologies and give more back to the community.

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=arpit&label=Views&color=blue&style=flat&label=Profile+views" alt="arpit" /> </p>

### Connect with me:

[![Twitter: ArpitDalal6](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ArpitDalal6?style=social)][twitter]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![Linkedin: arpitdalal](https://img.shields.io/badge/-arpitdalal-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitdalal/)][linkedin]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![GitHub arpitdalal](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/arpitdalal?label=follow&style=social)][github]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio%20Website-arpitdalal.dev-2648ff?style=flat&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=ffffff)][website]

### Languages and Technologies:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Gatsby" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/e94815998e4e0713912fed477a1f346ec04c3da2/topics/gatsby/gatsby.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />
<br />
<br />

<div align="center">
 
<a href="https://github.com/arpitdalal">
 <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=arpitdalal&show_icons=true&theme=dark&line_height=27" alt="arpitdalal's github stats"/>
</a>

### Show some ❤️ by starring some of my repositories!

</div>

[draf]: https://arpitdalal.netlify.app
[website]: https://arpitdalal.dev?utm_source="github"&utm_medium="social-media"
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/ArpitDalal6
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitdalal/
[github]: https://www.github.com/arpitdalal
